instruqt-tracks/instruqt-cli-getting-started/01-welcome-to-instruqt/assignment.md, before:

---
slug: welcome-to-instruqt
type: challenge
title: "\U0001F469‍\U0001F4BB Welcome to Instruqt!"
teaser: Welcome to a world of demos, training and cloud lab environments where the
  only limit is your imagination!
notes:
- type: text
  contents: "\U0001F916 Beep...boop...booting up your Instruqt sandbox..."
tabs:
- title: Workstation
  type: terminal
  hostname: workstation
- title: Text Editor
  type: code
  hostname: workstation
  path: /root
difficulty: basic
timelimit: 300
---
<style type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
hr.cyan { background-color: cyan; color: cyan; height: 2px; margin-bottom: -10px; }
h2.cyan { color: cyan; }
</style>In this track you'll learn how Instruqt power users develop and publish tracks without using the web GUI.

The challenges contained in this track show you how to install the Instruqt CLI and create an Instruqt track from scratch. You will then publish the track in your own organization, where you can continue to manage it from your laptop or workstation.

If you've used Instruqt before you can skip straight to the **Check** button.

<h2 class="cyan">Terminal and Editor Basics</h2>
<hr class="cyan">

On the left notice the **Workstation** tab. This is where you should run all your commands. Run the following command in the **Workstation** tab to create a new file:

```bash
touch hello.txt
```

Now switch over to the **Text Editor** tab and double-click on the **hello.txt** file to open it.

Type `Hello World` into the file and click on the 💾 floppy disk save icon to save your work. The CTRL-S (CMD-S for MacOS) shortcut may also work here depending on your browser settings. Clicking the save icon works on all browsers.

Let's get started with the next challenge, Installing the CLI. Click the **Check** button to continue.

Commit message:

Adds accordion navigation to CLI track.

instruqt-tracks/instruqt-cli-getting-started/01-welcome-to-instruqt/assignment.md, after:

---
slug: welcome-to-instruqt
type: challenge
title: "\U0001F469‍\U0001F4BB Welcome to Instruqt!"
teaser: Welcome to a world of demos, training and cloud lab environments where the
  only limit is your imagination!
notes:
- type: text
  contents: "\U0001F916 Beep...boop...booting up your Instruqt sandbox..."
tabs:
- title: Workstation
  type: terminal
  hostname: workstation
- title: Text Editor
  type: code
  hostname: workstation
  path: /root
difficulty: basic
timelimit: 300
---
<style type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
hr.cyan { background-color: cyan; color: cyan; height: 2px; margin-bottom: -10px; }
h2.cyan { color: cyan; }
</style>In this track you'll learn how Instruqt power users develop and publish tracks without using the web GUI.

The challenges contained in this track show you how to install the Instruqt CLI and create an Instruqt track from scratch. You will then publish the track in your own organization, where you can continue to manage it from your laptop or workstation.

If you've used Instruqt before you can skip straight to the **Check** button. If you're new to Instruqt try the Terminal and Editor Basics section by clicking on the navigation bar:

Terminal and Editor Basics
==========================

On the left notice the **Workstation** tab. This is where you should run all your commands. Run the following command in the **Workstation** tab to create a new file:

```bash
touch hello.txt
```

Now switch over to the **Text Editor** tab and double-click on the **hello.txt** file to open it.

Type `Hello World` into the file and click on the 💾 floppy disk save icon to save your work. The CTRL-S (CMD-S for MacOS) shortcut may also work here depending on your browser settings. Clicking the save icon works on all browsers.

Let's get started with the next challenge, Installing the CLI. Click the **Check** button to continue.
